README.md, before:

### Hi there 👋
I'm Beth, and I don't know what I would do without the :waving-hand: emoji.

### What you'll find in my repositories

Welcome to where my coding side projects live. I love them, even if sometimes they sit on shelves for years and have to be dusted off to get their shine back. You won't find any kind of consistent contribution squares here, because that's not really important to me. I spend plenty of time each week writing code that doesn't show up here, and I'm not trying to <i>increase</i> how much time I spend in front of a screen!

You can find my photos <a href="http://bethcrane.photos">here</a>, or my collection of interviews with interesting folks in STEM <a href="https://fibonaccisequinsblog.com/">here</a> if you're curious about some of the other things I get up to. 

### I get excited about opportunities that:
- are with companies/organizations that are positively impacting the world
- tackle difficult questions around the role of technology in society
- allow me to constantly operate at the edge of my abilities, stretching/growing my skills
- enable me to explore the world and live in different places (e.g. having international offices, enabling remote work for a few months each year)
- benefit from an interest in communication/organizational psychology
- use new technology to solve problems in previously-impossible ways
- feature cross-disciplinary collaboration

### Specific values things
- Black lives matter.
- I think the <a href="https://blog.coinbase.com/coinbase-is-a-mission-focused-company-af882df8804">mission-focused company</a> thing is interesting, and I'm glad people are thinking about and experimenting with ways to develop successful teams and balance wanting to improve the whole world, with focusing on what's in front of you. I'd personally rather work for a company that has chosen to do this by being loud and clear about what they believe is right, rather than avoiding the conversation.

Commit message:

Add in a link to the fibseq repo

README.md, after:

### Hi there 👋
I'm Beth, and I don't know what I would do without the :waving-hand: emoji.

### What you'll find in my repositories

Welcome to where my coding side projects live. I love them, even if sometimes they sit on shelves for years and have to be dusted off to get their shine back. You won't find any kind of consistent contribution squares here, because that's not really important to me. I spend plenty of time each week writing code that doesn't show up here, and I'm not trying to <i>increase</i> how much time I spend in front of a screen!

You can find my photos <a href="http://bethcrane.photos">here</a>, or my collection of interviews with interesting folks in STEM* <a href="https://fibonaccisequinsblog.com/">here</a> if you're curious about some of the other things I get up to. 

### I get excited about opportunities that:
- are with companies/organizations that are positively impacting the world
- tackle difficult questions around the role of technology in society
- allow me to constantly operate at the edge of my abilities, stretching/growing my skills
- enable me to explore the world and live in different places (e.g. having international offices, enabling remote work for a few months each year)
- benefit from an interest in communication/organizational psychology
- use new technology to solve problems in previously-impossible ways
- feature cross-disciplinary collaboration

### Specific values things
- Black lives matter.
- I think the <a href="https://blog.coinbase.com/coinbase-is-a-mission-focused-company-af882df8804">mission-focused company</a> thing is interesting, and I'm glad people are thinking about and experimenting with ways to develop successful teams and balance wanting to improve the whole world, with focusing on what's in front of you. I'd personally rather work for a company that has chosen to do this by being loud and clear about what they believe is right, rather than avoiding the conversation.

\* The FibSeq repo lives <a href="https://github.com/abethcrane/fibonacci-sequins">here</a> and it's deployed with netlify. I'm always happy to get specific suggestions or feedback on it :)
